# AirBnB MongoDB Analysis

## Scrubbing the Data
The dataset I chose was from [Bordeaux, France](http://insideairbnb.com/get-the-data.html).The original file was in csv. When I first downloaded the data, the csv file would not open correctly in my laptop. It would not recognize the file as a csv, and so the spreadsheet would open in the wrong format in Excel and in VsCode. The solution I found to solve this problem was by uploading the file onto Google Sheets, and then scrubbing the data from there. The reason why the file would not open correctly in Excel is because it was recognizing line breaks and tabs incorrectly. Therefore, in order to clean the data, I used the find and replace feature in Google Sheets since I couldn't open the file in VsCode until I had solved this problem. 

### Raw data
```
id,listing_url,scrape_id,last_scraped,name,description,neighborhood_overview,picture_url,host_id,host_url,host_name,host_since,host_location,host_about,host_response_time,host_response_rate,host_acceptance_rate,host_is_superhost,host_thumbnail_url,host_picture_url,host_neighbourhood,host_listings_count,host_total_listings_count,host_verifications,host_has_profile_pic,host_identity_verified,neighbourhood,neighbourhood_cleansed,neighbourhood_group_cleansed,latitude,longitude,property_type,room_type,accommodates,bathrooms,bathrooms_text,bedrooms,beds,amenities,price,minimum_nights,maximum_nights,minimum_minimum_nights,maximum_minimum_nights,minimum_maximum_nights,maximum_maximum_nights,minimum_nights_avg_ntm,maximum_nights_avg_ntm,calendar_updated,has_availability,availability_30,availability_60,availability_90,availability_365,calendar_last_scraped,number_of_reviews,number_of_reviews_ltm,number_of_reviews_l30d,first_review,last_review,review_scores_rating,review_scores_accuracy,review_scores_cleanliness,review_scores_checkin,review_scores_communication,review_scores_location,review_scores_value,license,instant_bookable,calculated_host_listings_count,calculated_host_listings_count_entire_homes,calculated_host_listings_count_private_rooms,calculated_host_listings_count_shared_rooms,reviews_per_month
28925,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/28925,20210914193156,2021-09-15,Grande maison centre ville Comme à la campagne,"If you just open the housedoor, you'll feel like in the countryside due to our wild garden. But if you walk less than 15 minutes, you'll enjoy the city heart of Bordeaux. Public transports (tram D Croix de Seguey) and shops are quick to reach, bars and restaurants also. The next organic baguettes and croissant are  less than 2 minutes walk on a sweet little square. Drivng out to the ocean or the vinyards is also really fast.  The space In the Ground floor, you'll find the big living roomwith garden view and its open kitchen fully equiped.  A part of this room can be transformed in a nice 2 people bedroom with curtains. We also have a shower and toilets. A second kitchen with a washing machine and a dryer. Both kitchen have a dishwasher.  1st floor : 5 bedrooms with their 1 person highbed and a sofabed for 2. It also has 2 bathrooms (shower, handwash and toilets). On the last floor under the roof you'll find a parents bedroom with its bathroom (shower, handwas","A fex minutes from the house, you'll find nice little shops and markets, coffees and restaurants. Tram and buses bring you to the center and are all reachable in less than 5 minutes. We are mostly familiesin the neighborhood and the gardens behind the houses make it a very typical, quiet and peaceful place.",https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/miso/Hosting-28925/original/407dea85-62fc-4c00-a3ec-cd6794bdd739.jpeg,124398,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/124398,Laurence,2010-05-13,"Bordeaux, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France",,N/A,N/A,0%,f,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/b539b853-d42a-44d4-bd68-0bbeea41f5d2.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/b539b853-d42a-44d4-bd68-0bbeea41f5d2.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,2,2,"['email', 'phone', 'reviews', 'work_email']",t,f,"Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France",Centre ville (Bordeaux),Bordeaux,44.85024,-0.59209,Entire residential home,Entire home/apt,12,,4 baths,6,14,"[""Shampoo"", ""Clothing storage: closet, walk-in closet, and dresser"", ""Indoor fireplace"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""High chair"", ""Barbecue utensils"", ""Host greets you"", ""Hot water kettle"", ""Children\u2019s books and toys"", ""Dining table"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Pour-over coffee"", ""Outdoor furniture"", ""Paid parking off premises"", ""Body soap"", ""Babysitter recommendations"", ""Microwave"", ""Smeg oven"", ""BBQ grill"", ""Piano"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Mosquito net"", ""Hangers"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Backyard"", ""Free washer \u2013 In unit"", ""Freezer"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Central heating"", ""Mini fridge"", ""Baby bath"", ""Bikes"", ""Hot water"", ""Children\u2019s dinnerware"", ""Room-darkening shades"", ""Wifi"", ""Free dryer \u2013 In unit"", ""Toaster"", ""Dishwasher"", ""Wine glasses"", ""Portable fans"", ""Kitchen"", ""smog stainless steel gas stove"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Nespresso machine"", ""Outdoor dining area"", ""Extra pillows and blankets"", ""Luggage dropoff allowed"", ""Private entrance"", ""Refrigerator"", ""HDTV with Netflix"", ""Cleaning products"", ""Free carport on premises \u2013 1 space""]",$255.00,2,21,2,2,21,21,2,21,,t,0,0,0,210,2021-09-15,2,0,0,2018-07-06,2017-09-10,5,5,4.5,5,5,5,4.5,33063005371B2,f,1,1,0,0,0.05
218103,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/218103,20210914193156,2021-09-15,B&B Apart.Suite  / tropical garden,"The space The Bambooyard  : ""Le clos des Bambous"", in Bègles (Bordeaux South), is an atypical Guest House that offers a perfect compromise between privacy independence of a hotel and simplicity, usability and family spirit expected of a guest room.  Its particularity is that the Guest House is separated from the owner's house by a bamboo curtain and is located in an unexpected and exceptional setting within a tropical and exotic garden.   You will discover a unique haven in the city where to rest and relax with the possibility of access to set of services for your Wellness and confort :  - Breakfast service  10 € / person ( ordered at last 1 day beforehand )  -  Outdoor 35° C Swimming jacuzzi : 10 € / hour /person -  Possibility of a 2nd bedding  ( convertible couch ) charged  20 € / night - A set of massages thaï massages* from 60 € /hour....  - A wide reception room* ideal for private celebrations, parties, events..  .. ( ",,https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/9ba23c8f-4780-4b3e-9be8-b0fdf74d9d53.jpg,1127981,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1127981,Luis,2011-09-08,"Bègles, Aquitaine, France","Salut c'est Luis 52 ans passionné de nature et d'activités tournées vers le Bien-Etre telles que Fitness, Yoga, Pilates, etc...Entrepreneur dans le bâtiment, j'ai décidé en juin 2011 de diversifier mes activités professionnelles en créant un appart/hôtel atypique à l'esprit maison d'hôtes. Mon souhait étant d'avoir des échanges humains riches  et de partager mon havre de paix dépaysant  avec des personnes cherchant un hébergement de qualité tout confort, dans un cadre tropical, calme, et unique en milieu urbain.Je vous y attends !",within an hour,100%,99%,t,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/b05e1000-f6aa-4dfe-a696-a8fcd7456e52.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/b05e1000-f6aa-4dfe-a696-a8fcd7456e52.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,4,4,"['email', 'phone', 'reviews', 'jumio', 'government_id']",t,t,,Bgles,Bgles,44.81545,-0.54808,Entire rental unit,Entire home/apt,4,,1 bath,1,0,"[""Stove"", ""Shampoo"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""Heating"", ""Patio or balcony"", ""Bed linens"", ""Free street parking"", ""Lockbox"", ""Microwave"", ""TV"", ""Pool"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Free parking on premises"", ""Washer"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Backyard"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Hot tub"", ""Hot water"", ""Wifi"", ""avec Freezer refrigerator"", ""Kitchen"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Luggage dropoff allowed"", ""Crib"", ""Pack \u2019n Play/travel crib"", ""Air conditioning"", ""Dryer""]",$110.00,2,21,2,2,21,21,2,21,,t,23,36,36,174,2021-09-15,52,13,2,2012-05-02,2013-07-05,4.75,4.74,4.72,4.92,4.96,4.56,4.52,,f,4,4,0,0,0.46
222887,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/222887,20210914193156,2021-09-15,"Bordeaux Terrace - spectacular view, fast Wifi","Picture yourself on a 12 metre terrace overlooking the ancient city gate, Porte de Bourgogne, and the Garonne River beyond. Here you can sip a glass of Bordeaux wine and  savour an al fresco meal, prepared in the well-equipped kitchen or delivered to your door.  Bordeaux Terrace apartment has an elevator, super fast Fibre Optic Wifi and Cable TV with French and English stations. The major sights of the city are in close proximity. The tram stop is just 100 metres away, and parking is nearby.  The space In an 18th century building in the historic heart of Bordeaux, my apartment is on the fourth floor with an elevator. Unusual for a building of this period, it has a terrace with a spectacular view, overlooking the ancient city gate, Porte de Bourgogne; the Garonne river and the Pont de Pierre - the bridge over which Napoleon took his troops to Spain. You can sit with a drink in hand feeling like you are in the front row of a theatre, or enjoy an al fresco meal.","Bordeaux Terrace is ideally situated to visit the major sites of Bordeaux, which are either in walking distance or you can hop on the tram 100 metres from the apartment.   Walk or cycle along the quay to Chartrons, or across the bridge to the Darwin Centre and the surrounding parkland.   Within a few metres of the apartment building are small food shops where you can purchase essentials , and there is one of the best artisan bakeries in Bordeaux around the corner. There is a wide selection of restaurants and cafes close to the apartment. For shopping, there is a daily food market at Capucins, where you can buy a wide variety of local produce and even join the locals having oysters and white wine for breakfast!   Every Saturday there is a food market around St Michel Basilica, a two minute walk away, and on Sundays it transforms into the largest antique and brocante market in the region.   Two blocks away is the longest pedestrian shopping street ",https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/8f2b210e-3c0e-462d-87d6-1c55401966c6.jpg,1156398,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1156398,Suzanna,2011-09-14,"Bordeaux, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France","I am a professional writer, renovator and frequent traveller. My husband and I and love architecture, culture, history, music and food. Originally from New Zealand and Australia, we are now permanently based in the Northern Hemisphere with homes in Fez, Morocco and Bordeaux, France. We are both writers and I am a former photo-journalist. I know both cities very well, and it is a pleasure to help our guests make the most of their holiday. My team have a vast amount of experience in meeting, greeting and making guests feel comfortable. During your stay we will respect your space, but are on hand to assist at a moment's notice. *******Je suis écrivain professionnel, rénovatrice et grande voyageuse. Mon mari et moi aimons l'architecture, la culture, l'histoire, la musique et la nourriture. Originaires de Nouvelle-Zélande et d'Australie, nous sommes désormais installés en permanence dans l'hémisphère nord, avec des maisons à Fès, au Maroc, et à Bordeaux, en France. Nous sommes tous deux écrivains et je suis un ancien photo-journaliste. Je connais très bien les deux villes et c'est un plaisir d'aider nos hôtes à profiter au maximum de leurs vacances. Mon équipe a une grande expérience de la rencontre, de l'accueil et de la mise à l'aise des clients. Pendant votre séjour, nous respecterons votre espace, mais nous sommes prêts à vous aider à tout moment. ",within an hour,100%,94%,t,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/1156398/profile_pic/1389445860/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/1156398/profile_pic/1389445860/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,Hôtel de Ville - Quinconces,8,8,"['email', 'phone', 'facebook', 'reviews', 'manual_offline', 'jumio', 'offline_government_id', 'government_id', 'work_email']",t,t,"Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France",Bordeaux Sud,Bordeaux,44.83611,-0.5664,Entire rental unit,Entire home/apt,4,,1 bath,2,3,"[""Stove"", ""Shampoo"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""High chair"", ""Heating"", ""Host greets you"", ""Patio or balcony"", ""TV with standard cable"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Bed linens"", ""Outdoor furniture"", ""First aid kit"", ""Microwave"", ""Carbon monoxide alarm"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Washer"", ""Harmon Kardon speaker  Bluetooth sound system"", ""Hangers"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Paid parking garage off premises"", ""Shower gel"", ""Hot water"", ""Elevator"", ""Wifi"", ""Long term stays allowed"", ""Waterfront"", ""Cable TV"", ""Portable fans"", ""Kitchen"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Baking sheet"", ""Extra pillows and blankets"", ""Crib"", ""Refrigerator"", ""Oven"", ""Dryer""]",$200.00,3,90,3,3,90,90,3,90,,t,9,39,61,318,2021-09-15,44,6,0,2016-08-05,2019-11-11,4.7,4.67,4.47,4.88,4.95,4.71,4.49,3306300031048,t,4,4,0,0,0.71
317273,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/317273,20210914193156,2021-09-15,"Bordeaux City Gardens - large 1 bd, park adjacent","A spacious one bedroom apartment, (93 sq metres or 1,002 sq ft), Bordeaux City Gardens features luxury fittings and contemporary comfort. Located on the ground floor of an 18th century building, it is only a few steps from the lovely Bordeaux Public Gardens, and close to shops and restaurants, the Grand Theatre and public transport. The kitchen and bedroom open onto a private patio with a table and chairs. The living room windows are above pedestrian height, and are not overlooked.  The space This spacious one bedroom apartment (93 sq meters or 1,001 sq ft) offers luxury and contemporary comfort in an historic building. It is just steps away from the beautiful Bordeaux Public Gardens.   Based in a central, residential location, there is easy access as the apartment is on ground floor level.   The large living and dining rooms are ideal for entertaining guests and al fresco breakfast and dining is also possible in the private courtyard. ","Bordeaux's famous Jardin Public is at the end of the street where the apartment is located. An area of 10 hectares, this delightful public garden was established in 1746 in a style inspired by Le Nôtre, the designer of the gardens at Versailles. It includes an arboretum, a library and a Natural History Museum and is a wonderful place to cycle or simply relax and enjoy the ambiance. The apartment is just a few minutes' walk from the commercial and historic district of the city - only 600 metres from Esplanade des Quinconces. (Which has an excellent brocante market.) It is also close to the Roman amphitheatre Palais Gallien. A multitude of excellent restaurants and bars are in in close proximity on Rue Fondaudege and Cours George Clemenceau, as well as antique shops, art galleries and other high street shops. The specialist food market and a choice of many other shops can be found at Marche des Grands Hommes. The elegant boutiques on Allee de Tourny and Rue Saint Catherine are nearby, as",https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/miso/Hosting-317273/original/a4daa530-6d55-481c-91cd-92c325953ee7.jpeg,1156398,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1156398,Suzanna,2011-09-14,"Bordeaux, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France","I am a professional writer, renovator and frequent traveller. My husband and I and love architecture, culture, history, music and food. Originally from New Zealand and Australia, we are now permanently based in the Northern Hemisphere with homes in Fez, Morocco and Bordeaux, France. We are both writers and I am a former photo-journalist. I know both cities very well, and it is a pleasure to help our guests make the most of their holiday. My team have a vast amount of experience in meeting, greeting and making guests feel comfortable. During your stay we will respect your space, but are on hand to assist at a moment's notice. *******Je suis écrivain professionnel, rénovatrice et grande voyageuse. Mon mari et moi aimons l'architecture, la culture, l'histoire, la musique et la nourriture. Originaires de Nouvelle-Zélande et d'Australie, nous sommes désormais installés en permanence dans l'hémisphère nord, avec des maisons à Fès, au Maroc, et à Bordeaux, en France. Nous sommes tous deux écrivains et je suis un ancien photo-journaliste. Je connais très bien les deux villes et c'est un plaisir d'aider nos hôtes à profiter au maximum de leurs vacances. Mon équipe a une grande expérience de la rencontre, de l'accueil et de la mise à l'aise des clients. Pendant votre séjour, nous respecterons votre espace, mais nous sommes prêts à vous aider à tout moment. ",within an hour,100%,94%,t,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/1156398/profile_pic/1389445860/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/1156398/profile_pic/1389445860/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,Hôtel de Ville - Quinconces,8,8,"['email', 'phone', 'facebook', 'reviews', 'manual_offline', 'jumio', 'offline_government_id', 'government_id', 'work_email']",t,t,"Bordeaux, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France",Chartrons - Grand Parc - Jardin Public,Bordeaux,44.84782,-0.58105,Entire rental unit,Entire home/apt,3,,1.5 baths,1,2,"[""Stove"", ""Shampoo"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""High chair"", ""Heating"", ""Host greets you"", ""Patio or balcony"", ""TV with standard cable"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Bed linens"", ""Paid parking off premises"", ""Microwave"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Washer"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Backyard"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Hot water"", ""Wifi"", ""Long term stays allowed"", ""Dishwasher"", ""Cable TV"", ""Kitchen"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Extra pillows and blankets"", ""Crib"", ""Refrigerator"", ""Oven"", ""Dryer""]",$162.00,3,90,3,3,90,90,3,90,,t,1,24,24,243,2021-09-15,28,4,1,2016-12-23,2019-12-29,4.89,4.96,4.68,4.96,4.93,4.89,4.59,33063001366CB,t,4,4,0,0,0.49
317658,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/317658,20210914193156,2021-09-15,"Key to Bordeaux - fairytale view, 2 bd + elevator","The Key to Bordeaux has a view over the ‘fairy-tale castle’ of Porte Cailhau. It is in a pedestrian only area, just one street back from the river and two minutes' walk from the famous Place de la Bourse. The apartment is 80 square meters  and can accommodate 2 - 6 guests. Amenities include an elevator, free Wifi, a washing machine, a well equipped kitchen and a newly renovated bathroom with a separate toilet.  The major sights of Bordeaux can be reached on foot, or there is a tram stop nearby.  The space The Key to Bordeaux is a spacious apartment overlooking one of the ancient city gates, Porte Cailhau. In a pedestrian street, it is close to Place de la Bourse, the river, restaurants, shops, public transport and parking.  An unusually spacious two-bedroom apartment (80 square metres), The Key to Bordeaux has high speed Wifi, Cable TV, and free international phone calls to most countries.   Situated in the heart of Bordeaux, with a view o","The Key to Bordeaux apartment is ideally located in the historic centre of Bordeaux, with a wonderful view of one of the ancient city gates, Porte de Cailhau.  It's only steps away from the Place de la Bourse and the linear park that runs along the river, and very close to the tram. There are many good restaurants just around the corner, an excellent wine merchant and a small supermarket.",https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/a5da668b-39dd-40a7-944c-c67567629678.jpg,1156398,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1156398,Suzanna,2011-09-14,"Bordeaux, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France","I am a professional writer, renovator and frequent traveller. My husband and I and love architecture, culture, history, music and food. Originally from New Zealand and Australia, we are now permanently based in the Northern Hemisphere with homes in Fez, Morocco and Bordeaux, France. We are both writers and I am a former photo-journalist. I know both cities very well, and it is a pleasure to help our guests make the most of their holiday. My team have a vast amount of experience in meeting, greeting and making guests feel comfortable. During your stay we will respect your space, but are on hand to assist at a moment's notice. *******Je suis écrivain professionnel, rénovatrice et grande voyageuse. Mon mari et moi aimons l'architecture, la culture, l'histoire, la musique et la nourriture. Originaires de Nouvelle-Zélande et d'Australie, nous sommes désormais installés en permanence dans l'hémisphère nord, avec des maisons à Fès, au Maroc, et à Bordeaux, en France. Nous sommes tous deux écrivains et je suis un ancien photo-journaliste. Je connais très bien les deux villes et c'est un plaisir d'aider nos hôtes à profiter au maximum de leurs vacances. Mon équipe a une grande expérience de la rencontre, de l'accueil et de la mise à l'aise des clients. Pendant votre séjour, nous respecterons votre espace, mais nous sommes prêts à vous aider à tout moment. ",within an hour,100%,94%,t,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/1156398/profile_pic/1389445860/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/1156398/profile_pic/1389445860/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,Hôtel de Ville - Quinconces,8,8,"['email', 'phone', 'facebook', 'reviews', 'manual_offline', 'jumio', 'offline_government_id', 'government_id', 'work_email']",t,t,"Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France",Centre ville (Bordeaux),Bordeaux,44.83882,-0.56887,Entire rental unit,Entire home/apt,6,,1 bath,2,4,"[""Stove"", ""Shampoo"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""High chair"", ""Heating"", ""Host greets you"", ""TV with standard cable"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Bed linens"", ""Paid parking off premises"", ""Microwave"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Washer"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Hot water"", ""Elevator"", ""Wifi"", ""Long term stays allowed"", ""Dishwasher"", ""Cable TV"", ""Kitchen"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Extra pillows and blankets"", ""Window guards"", ""Crib"", ""Refrigerator"", ""Oven""]",$200.00,3,90,3,3,90,90,3,90,,t,5,27,48,151,2021-09-15,63,4,0,2015-01-04,2021-07-28,4.85,4.73,4.77,4.9,4.84,4.97,4.65,33063001225CF,t,4,4,0,0,0.77
333031,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/333031,20210914193156,2021-09-15,STUDIO BORDEAUX TRIANGLE D OR ***** Climatisé,"Venez découvrir Bordeaux et passer quelques jours dans ce ravissant studio. Fraichement rénové et tout équipé, il est situé en plein de centre de Bordeaux (quartier des Grands Hommes) dans le somptueux triangle d'or...  The space Vous trouverez vite vos repères dans cet appartement calme et climatisé de 25m2 qui se compose :  - un coin salon avec canapé, table basse, pouf transformable en lit d appoint,  tv lcd 82cm, base ipod jbl - 1 salle de bain avec douche, seche serviette, serviettes de bains fournis, machine à laver le linge - un coin cuisine avec lave vaisselle, Nespresso, Four multi-fonction, grille pain et tout le neccessaire a manger - un coin nuit avec un lit 140cm avec surmatelas et penderie - 3e etage sans ascenseur...  Dans le quartier, vous pourrez profiter des commerces (boulangerie,fromager, boucherie, traiteur...), des restaurants mais aussi de nombreuses boutiques...  possibilité d'un parking en ",,https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/14067444/fccaa6cb_original.jpg,1697156,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1697156,Antony,2012-02-04,"Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France","Bordelais d'origine, je souhaite faire découvrir cette magnifique ville qu'est Bordeaux... Passionné de voyage, j'aurai plaisir d'échanger avec vus sur nos différentes destinations visitées...Pour vous accueillir, je mets un point d'honneur sur la propreté de l'appartement que je mets à votre disposition...A vous de me faire confiance!!!!A bientotAntony",within a few hours,88%,67%,t,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/1697156/profile_pic/1328357946/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/1697156/profile_pic/1328357946/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,Hôtel de Ville - Quinconces,2,2,"['email', 'phone', 'reviews', 'jumio', 'government_id', 'work_email']",t,t,,Centre ville (Bordeaux),Bordeaux,44.84256,-0.57794,Entire rental unit,Entire home/apt,2,,1 bath,,1,"[""Shampoo"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""Paid parking on premises"", ""Heating"", ""TV with standard cable"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Bed linens"", ""Paid parking off premises"", ""Lockbox"", ""Microwave"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Shower gel"", ""Hot water"", ""Wifi"", ""Long term stays allowed"", ""Dishwasher"", ""Cable TV"", ""Kitchen"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Refrigerator"", ""Air conditioning""]",$79.00,1,1125,1,1,1125,1125,1,1125,,t,13,41,71,346,2021-09-15,348,36,2,2012-04-02,2019-09-23,4.9,4.94,4.95,4.93,4.91,4.98,4.82,3306300055979,f,2,1,1,0,3.02
333592,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/333592,20210914193156,2021-09-15,Charming apt with terrace center town,"One-bedroom apartment with terrace  Apartment located in a residential discrit in Bordeaux, nearby Old Bordeaux and shops It is a one-bedroom apartment. Tramway stations is 350 meters away (4 minutes by walk).  The space Apartment (72m²/775ft²) located on the 2nd floor in a building typically Bordeaux right in the middle of town.  Kitchen fully-equipped with washing machine and dishwasher. Shower room and separate toilets. Terrace overlook on the back of the building, countryside atmosphere !  The district is residential and some bourgeois, perfect to rest after a long working day or visiting day ! :-)  Guest access The apartment is on 2nd floor (no lift).  Other things to note The apartment is an one-bedroom apartment.  License number 3306300293043","Residential district and some bourgeois with all shops nearby. To go in Old Bordeaux, 10 minutes by walk (Grand théâtre, Gambetta Place).",https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/95f35788-05e5-4839-808d-2ed265043ca9.jpg,1699300,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1699300,Alexandre,2012-02-04,"Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France","Je suis un jeune homme ouvert d'esprit et ouvert aux rencontres.J'aime voyager, chose que je fais dès qu'il m'en est possible (c'est-à-dire pas assez souvent). :-(Je suis un hôte assez calme et discret, et apprécie les voyageurs qui le sont aussi.",within a few hours,100%,63%,f,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/4444f143-58d1-42be-8e68-f45cddba57c3.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/4444f143-58d1-42be-8e68-f45cddba57c3.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,1,1,"['email', 'phone', 'facebook', 'google', 'reviews', 'jumio', 'offline_government_id', 'government_id']",t,t,"Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France",Centre ville (Bordeaux),Bordeaux,44.84583,-0.58306,Entire rental unit,Entire home/apt,2,,1 bath,1,1,"[""Stove"", ""Shampoo"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""Heating"", ""Patio or balcony"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Bed linens"", ""Lockbox"", ""Microwave"", ""TV"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Washer"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Shower gel"", ""Hot water"", ""Wifi"", ""Long term stays allowed"", ""Dishwasher"", ""Kitchen"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Extra pillows and blankets"", ""Refrigerator"", ""Oven""]",$101.00,2,31,2,2,1125,1125,2,1125,,t,0,0,0,0,2021-09-15,40,1,0,2013-06-17,2019-07-11,4.59,4.87,4.38,4.85,4.87,4.79,4.56,3306300293043,f,1,1,0,0,0.4
365993,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/365993,20210914193156,2021-09-15,Modern&comfortable 3 rooms apart,"The apartment is a 3 rooms in ground floor, renovated in 2011, consists of a large living / dining room, kitchen, 2 bedrooms, bathroom and separate WC. It is ideally located: - Close to the city of Bordeaux center (tram C). - Shops 500m  The space The apartment is a 3 rooms ground floor, 68 square meters, renovated in 2011, the latest standards. It is oriented north / south.  It consists of:  - a large lounge / dining room with sofa bed, kitchen and closet at the entrance,  - a bedroom with Queen size bed 160x200, a large closet and a desk,  - a bedroom with two single beds 90x200, convertible on request in a king size bed - a bathroom with walk-in shower,  - separate WC,  - access to a terrace and a private garden of 25 square meters.  High quality bedding: Beds are prepared and towels provided.  The living / dining room has a 3 seater sofa and table 4 to 6 places.  Guest access ",Quiet and pleasant. Close to shops (500m). Wednesday morning market.  Near the city center of Bordeaux (3km). Near the Bordeaux train station (2km).,https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/fca62587-5814-432c-a549-8239790152cd.jpg,1847986,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1847986,Damien,2012-03-03,"Bordeaux, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France","Passionnés de voyages, amoureux de notre ville, Bordeaux. Nous serons très heureux de vous accueillir dans la belle région de Bordeaux.A bientôt!Emmanuelle et Damien",within a few hours,100%,64%,t,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/c640b924-978b-4e04-924b-230ff87bb96a.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/c640b924-978b-4e04-924b-230ff87bb96a.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,2,2,"['phone', 'reviews', 'jumio', 'offline_government_id', 'government_id']",t,t,"Bègles, Aquitaine, France",Bgles,Bgles,44.81149,-0.55825,Entire rental unit,Entire home/apt,6,,1 bath,2,3,"[""Stove"", ""Shampoo"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""High chair"", ""Heating"", ""TV with standard cable"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Free street parking"", ""Lockbox"", ""Microwave"", ""Carbon monoxide alarm"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Washer"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Backyard"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Baby bath"", ""Hot water"", ""Wifi"", ""Long term stays allowed"", ""Fire extinguisher"", ""Dishwasher"", ""Cable TV"", ""Kitchen"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Luggage dropoff allowed"", ""Crib"", ""Pack \u2019n Play/travel crib"", ""Refrigerator"", ""Oven"", ""Dryer""]",$85.00,5,30,5,5,30,30,5,30,,t,12,22,52,327,2021-09-15,40,6,1,2012-05-27,2019-07-06,4.86,4.9,4.97,4.87,4.9,4.62,4.64,,f,2,2,0,0,0.35
408270,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/408270,20210914193156,2021-09-15,B&B Bedroom N°2  / tropical garden,"The space The Bambooyard  : ""Le clos des Bambous"", in Bègles (Bordeaux South), is an atypical Guest House that offers a perfect compromise between privacy independence of a hotel and simplicity, usability and family spirit expected of a guest room.  Its particularity is that the Guest House is separated from the owner's house by a bamboo curtain and is located in an unexpected and exceptional setting within a tropical and exotic garden.   You will discover a unique haven in the city where to rest and relax with the possibility of access to set of services for your Wellness and confort :  - Breakfast service  10 € / person ( ordered at last 1 day beforehand )  -  Outdoor 35° C Swimming jacuzzi : 10 € / hour /person -  Possibility of a 2nd bedding  ( convertible couch ) charged  20 € / night - A set of massages thaï massages* from 60 € /hour....  - A wide reception room* ideal for private celebrations, parties, events..  .. ( ",,https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/eedc645a-fca0-403f-bbc0-049a91bb55f9.jpg,1127981,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1127981,Luis,2011-09-08,"Bègles, Aquitaine, France","Salut c'est Luis 52 ans passionné de nature et d'activités tournées vers le Bien-Etre telles que Fitness, Yoga, Pilates, etc...Entrepreneur dans le bâtiment, j'ai décidé en juin 2011 de diversifier mes activités professionnelles en créant un appart/hôtel atypique à l'esprit maison d'hôtes. Mon souhait étant d'avoir des échanges humains riches  et de partager mon havre de paix dépaysant  avec des personnes cherchant un hébergement de qualité tout confort, dans un cadre tropical, calme, et unique en milieu urbain.Je vous y attends !",within an hour,100%,99%,t,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/b05e1000-f6aa-4dfe-a696-a8fcd7456e52.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/b05e1000-f6aa-4dfe-a696-a8fcd7456e52.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,4,4,"['email', 'phone', 'reviews', 'jumio', 'government_id']",t,t,,Bgles,Bgles,44.81562,-0.54787,Entire rental unit,Entire home/apt,4,,1 bath,1,1,"[""Stove"", ""Shampoo"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""Heating"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Bed linens"", ""Free street parking"", ""Lockbox"", ""Microwave"", ""TV"", ""Pool"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Free parking on premises"", ""Washer"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Backyard"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Freezer"", ""Hot tub"", ""Hot water"", ""Wifi"", ""Kitchen"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Luggage dropoff allowed"", ""Crib"", ""Pack \u2019n Play/travel crib"", ""Refrigerator"", ""Air conditioning"", ""Dryer""]",$90.00,2,21,2,2,21,21,2,21,,t,20,35,37,176,2021-09-15,105,24,2,2012-07-05,2014-09-15,4.69,4.8,4.63,4.85,4.88,4.55,4.6,,f,4,4,0,0,0.94
410267,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/410267,20210914193156,2021-09-15,B&B Apart. N°3 / Tropical Garden,"The space The Bambooyard  : ""Le clos des Bambous"", in Bègles (Bordeaux South), is an atypical Guest House that offers a perfect compromise between privacy independence of a hotel and simplicity, usability and family spirit expected of a guest house.  Its particularity is that the Guest House is separated from the owner's house by a bamboo curtain and is located in an unexpected and exceptional setting within a tropical and exotic garden.   You will discover a unique haven in the city where to rest and relax with the possibility of access to set of services for your Wellness and confort :  - Breakfast service  10 € / person ( ordered at last 1 day beforehand )  -  Outdoor 35° C Swimming jacuzzi : 10 € / hour /person -  Possibility of a 2nd bedding  ( convertible couch ) charged  20 € / night - A set of massages thaï massages* from 60 € /hour....  - A wide reception room* ideal for private celebrations, parties, events..  .. (",,https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/ebe7d5c3-1cc1-4913-8534-7baa8194daeb.jpg,1127981,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1127981,Luis,2011-09-08,"Bègles, Aquitaine, France","Salut c'est Luis 52 ans passionné de nature et d'activités tournées vers le Bien-Etre telles que Fitness, Yoga, Pilates, etc...Entrepreneur dans le bâtiment, j'ai décidé en juin 2011 de diversifier mes activités professionnelles en créant un appart/hôtel atypique à l'esprit maison d'hôtes. Mon souhait étant d'avoir des échanges humains riches  et de partager mon havre de paix dépaysant  avec des personnes cherchant un hébergement de qualité tout confort, dans un cadre tropical, calme, et unique en milieu urbain.Je vous y attends !",within an hour,100%,99%,t,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/b05e1000-f6aa-4dfe-a696-a8fcd7456e52.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/b05e1000-f6aa-4dfe-a696-a8fcd7456e52.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,4,4,"['email', 'phone', 'reviews', 'jumio', 'government_id']",t,t,,Bgles,Bgles,44.81443,-0.54876,Entire rental unit,Entire home/apt,4,,1 bath,1,1,"[""Stove"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""Heating"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Bed linens"", ""Free street parking"", ""Lockbox"", ""Microwave"", ""TV"", ""Dryer \u2013 In building"", ""Washer \u2013\u00a0In building"", ""Pool"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Free parking on premises"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Backyard"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Hot tub"", ""Shower gel"", ""Hot water"", ""Wifi"", ""Kitchen"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Luggage dropoff allowed"", ""Crib"", ""Pack \u2019n Play/travel crib"", ""Refrigerator"", ""Air conditioning""]",$90.00,2,21,2,2,21,21,2,21,,t,21,36,36,204,2021-09-15,73,20,1,2012-10-25,2012-08-08,4.81,4.89,4.81,4.94,4.96,4.72,4.7,,f,4,4,0,0,0.67
412475,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/412475,20210914193156,2021-09-15,B&B Apart n°4 / Tropical Garden,"The space The Bambooyard  : ""Le clos des Bambous"", in Bègles (Bordeaux South), is an atypical Guest House that offers a perfect compromise between privacy independence of a hotel and simplicity, usability and family spirit expected of a guest room.  Its particularity is that the Guest House is separated from the owner's house by a bamboo curtain and is located in an unexpected and exceptional setting within a tropical and exotic garden.   You will discover a unique haven in the city where to rest and relax with the possibility of access to set of services for your Wellness and confort :  - Breakfast service  10 € / person ( ordered at last 1 day beforehand )  -  Outdoor 35° C Swimming jacuzzi : 10 € / hour /person -  Possibility of a 2nd bedding  ( convertible couch ) charged  20 € / night - A set of massages thaï massages* from 60 € /hour....  - A wide reception room* ideal for private celebrations, parties, events..  .. ( ",,https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/36187168/5157fd38_original.jpg,1127981,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1127981,Luis,2011-09-08,"Bègles, Aquitaine, France","Salut c'est Luis 52 ans passionné de nature et d'activités tournées vers le Bien-Etre telles que Fitness, Yoga, Pilates, etc...Entrepreneur dans le bâtiment, j'ai décidé en juin 2011 de diversifier mes activités professionnelles en créant un appart/hôtel atypique à l'esprit maison d'hôtes. Mon souhait étant d'avoir des échanges humains riches  et de partager mon havre de paix dépaysant  avec des personnes cherchant un hébergement de qualité tout confort, dans un cadre tropical, calme, et unique en milieu urbain.Je vous y attends !",within an hour,100%,99%,t,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/b05e1000-f6aa-4dfe-a696-a8fcd7456e52.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/b05e1000-f6aa-4dfe-a696-a8fcd7456e52.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,4,4,"['email', 'phone', 'reviews', 'jumio', 'government_id']",t,t,,Bgles,Bgles,44.81349,-0.54827,Entire rental unit,Entire home/apt,4,,1 bath,1,1,"[""Stove"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""Heating"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Bed linens"", ""Free street parking"", ""Lockbox"", ""Microwave"", ""TV"", ""Pool"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Free parking on premises"", ""Washer"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Backyard"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Freezer"", ""Hot tub"", ""Shower gel"", ""Hot water"", ""Wifi"", ""Kitchen"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Luggage dropoff allowed"", ""Crib"", ""Pack \u2019n Play/travel crib"", ""Refrigerator"", ""Air conditioning"", ""Dryer""]",$90.00,2,21,2,2,21,21,2,21,,t,15,25,25,282,2021-09-15,111,30,2,2014-04-25,2021-07-26,4.81,4.86,4.79,4.94,4.93,4.62,4.68,,f,4,4,0,0,1.23
437127,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/437127,20210914193156,2021-09-15,Om Sweet Home B&B  chambre double,"The space I propose an independent room in my apartment Zen mind, close Chartrons area. I provides towels and beach towels can if you do not have to go to the beach. Breakfast included tea, coffee, orange juice, jam bun. You have access to a terrace of 25 sqm with deck chairs for lounging. Near the Tram station at 600m on the line C directly from the train station, station VCUB (bike rental) at 200m. Wifi access. Easy and free parking nearby  License number 3306300121281",,https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/6142280/4c405356_original.jpg,2171100,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/2171100,Christophe,2012-04-18,"Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France","Je suis ouvert d'esprit, sportif et adore recevoir de nouvelles personnes.Ayant suivi pendant 3 ans des enseignements avec des Lamas tibétains j'ai gardé cette philosophie de vie.Grand voyageur devant l'eternel, je pars des que je le peu.Je vis avec mon chat persan Léto et mon bouledogue français One.Ils sont tous les deux très affectueux.",within a few hours,100%,67%,t,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/615368a1-2e21-4eed-b2c3-3281806a81eb.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/615368a1-2e21-4eed-b2c3-3281806a81eb.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,2,2,"['email', 'phone', 'facebook', 'reviews', 'jumio', 'offline_government_id', 'selfie', 'government_id', 'work_email']",t,t,,Chartrons - Grand Parc - Jardin Public,Bordeaux,44.85643,-0.58467,Private room in rental unit,Private room,2,,1 shared bath,1,1,"[""Shampoo"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""Paid parking on premises"", ""Heating"", ""Host greets you"", ""TV with standard cable"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Free street parking"", ""Carbon monoxide alarm"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Hot water"", ""Wifi"", ""Long term stays allowed"", ""Cable TV"", ""Kitchen"", ""Breakfast"", ""Air conditioning""]",$46.00,2,1125,2,2,1125,1125,2,1125,,t,0,0,13,288,2021-09-15,288,2,0,2012-07-03,2017-08-12,4.74,4.82,4.88,4.92,4.92,4.48,4.72,3306300121281,f,2,0,2,0,2.57
438600,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/438600,20210914193156,2021-09-15,Om Sweet Home B&B  chambre Single,"The space Je vous propose une chambre independante dans mon appartement esprit Zen, proche quartier des Chartrons. Je met à disposition linge de toilette et possibilité de drap de plage si vous n'en n'avez pas pour aller a la plage. Petit déjeuner compris thé, Café, Jus d'orange, brioche confiture. Vous avez acces à une terrasse de 25 m² avec transat pour farnienter. Proche de la station Tram à 600m sur la ligne C direct de la gare SNCF, station VCUB (location de vélo) à 200m. Accès Wifi et TV dans la chambre Stationnement facile et gratuit à proximité  I propose an independent room in my apartment Zen mind, close Chartrons area.  I provides towels and beach towels can if you do not have to go to the beach.  Breakfast included tea, coffee, orange juice, brioche, jam.  You have access to a terrace of 25 sqm with deck chairs to laze.  Near the Tram station at 600m on the line C directly from the train station, statio",,https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/6249633/791ceac2_original.jpg,2171100,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/2171100,Christophe,2012-04-18,"Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France","Je suis ouvert d'esprit, sportif et adore recevoir de nouvelles personnes.Ayant suivi pendant 3 ans des enseignements avec des Lamas tibétains j'ai gardé cette philosophie de vie.Grand voyageur devant l'eternel, je pars des que je le peu.Je vis avec mon chat persan Léto et mon bouledogue français One.Ils sont tous les deux très affectueux.",within a few hours,100%,67%,t,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/615368a1-2e21-4eed-b2c3-3281806a81eb.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/615368a1-2e21-4eed-b2c3-3281806a81eb.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,2,2,"['email', 'phone', 'facebook', 'reviews', 'jumio', 'offline_government_id', 'selfie', 'government_id', 'work_email']",t,t,,Chartrons - Grand Parc - Jardin Public,Bordeaux,44.85447,-0.582,Private room in rental unit,Private room,1,,1 shared bath,1,1,"[""Shampoo"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""Paid parking on premises"", ""Heating"", ""Host greets you"", ""TV with standard cable"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Free street parking"", ""Carbon monoxide alarm"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Hot water"", ""Wifi"", ""Long term stays allowed"", ""Cable TV"", ""Kitchen"", ""Breakfast"", ""Air conditioning""]",$31.00,2,1125,2,2,1125,1125,2,1125,,t,0,16,46,321,2021-09-15,222,9,0,2012-07-13,2020-02-28,4.85,4.86,4.92,4.94,4.93,4.6,4.86,,f,2,0,2,0,1.99
450324,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/450324,20210914193156,2021-09-15,"House with garden, near Bordeaux","This house is in a calm area.  Go to Bordeaux center with the tramway takes 20mn, and 45mn to go to the beach with car. In the house,there are all equipments you needs (internet,washing-machine, for cooking). There is a place for a car in the garden.  The space The house is in Cenon, in a quiet residential area.  In the house, there are 4 bedrooms, one bathroom (with bath and shower), separated toilets, a new kitchen with all equipment opened on a terrace, a big living-room with TV and computer with internet.  There is a garden. There is a washing machine. For sleeping, there is two bedrooms with a couple bed in each and one bedroom with a single bed for a child and the last one with a bed for baby.   You can park your car in the yard. The house is near a tramway station (20 minutes by foot), you will be in Bordeaux center in 15 minutes by tram. By car, you can go to Bordeaux in 5 minutes, to the Bassin d'Arca",,https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/cabaca30-afda-4b8b-a0f9-5eabdda7544c.jpg,1727412,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1727412,Anne-Laure,2012-02-09,"Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France","I'm from Bordeaux (France), I'm a teacher in a primary school. I like travelling and meeting people.",N/A,N/A,17%,f,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/1727412/profile_pic/1335644115/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/1727412/profile_pic/1335644115/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,1,1,"['email', 'phone', 'reviews']",t,f,,Plaisance-Loret-Maregue,Cenon,44.86238,-0.50698,Entire residential home,Entire home/apt,5,,1 bath,4,4,"[""Stove"", ""Hair dryer"", ""High chair"", ""Heating"", ""Barbecue utensils"", ""Laundromat nearby"", ""Children\u2019s books and toys"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Game console"", ""Bathtub"", ""Microwave"", ""BBQ grill"", ""TV"", ""Piano"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Free parking on premises"", ""Washer"", ""Cleaning before checkout"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Backyard"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Freezer"", ""Hot water"", ""Children\u2019s dinnerware"", ""Wifi"", ""Long term stays allowed"", ""Dishwasher"", ""Portable fans"", ""Kitchen"", ""Nespresso machine"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Pack \u2019n Play/travel crib"", ""Refrigerator"", ""Oven""]",$110.00,2,1125,2,2,1125,1125,2,1125,,t,0,0,0,0,2021-09-15,16,1,0,2013-05-13,2013-04-15,4.53,4.69,4.67,4.75,4.94,4.13,4.56,,f,1,1,0,0,0.16
457462,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/457462,20210914193156,2021-09-15,"BORDEAUX, swimming-pool, tennis !","The space A super 1076 feet² apartment located in a very nice and quiet home complex, close to all the Bordeaux universities. Balcony overlooking a maintained park, a swimming-pool and two tennis courts. Within walking distance (300 metres) from the tramway to go to the city centre of Bordeaux and only 45 minutes away from the ocean and the beach areas of  Cap Ferret and le bassin d'Arcachon. The apartment is luminous and comfortable. There are two bedrooms ( one with a big double bed and a flat-screen tv, the second has a double bed ), there is a toilet, a bathroom with a bath, an open-space kitchen opening onto a 500 feet² living area which has a sofa. All the amenities are available ( flat-screen tv, washer / dryer, dishwaher, fridge, a glass ceramic cooker...). The dishes, bedsheets and towels are provided. A parking space area is available within the grounds of the home complex.",,https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/5898506/8ea60b72_original.jpg,2273643,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/2273643,Nadine,2012-05-02,"Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France","La convivialité, la découverte, le voyage sont de vrais plaisirs...toujours dans un profond respect de l'autre.",within a day,100%,50%,f,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/2273643/profile_pic/1335972146/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/2273643/profile_pic/1335972146/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,1,1,"['email', 'phone', 'reviews', 'jumio', 'government_id']",t,t,,Talence,Talence,44.81099,-0.59954,Entire rental unit,Entire home/apt,4,,1 bath,2,2,"[""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""Heating"", ""Patio or balcony"", ""TV with standard cable"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Outdoor furniture"", ""Bed linens"", ""Gym"", ""Pool"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Free parking on premises"", ""Washer"", ""Cleaning before checkout"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Hot water"", ""Elevator"", ""Wifi"", ""Long term stays allowed"", ""Cable TV"", ""Kitchen"", ""Extra pillows and blankets"", ""Dryer""]",$75.00,2,28,2,2,28,28,2,28,,t,0,0,16,291,2021-09-15,20,3,0,2012-08-12,2021-07-02,4.72,4.85,4.5,4.9,5,4.7,4.6,,f,1,1,0,0,0.18
457640,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/457640,20210914193156,2021-09-15,Appartement piscine tennis Bordeaux,"Appartement parfaitement équipé , de la Nespresso au sèche - cheveux.  Mais surtout,l'appartement est situé dans une résidence HYPER conviviale  The space Je vous propose cet appartement de standing avec une surface habitable de 85m2.L'appartement dispose d'une terrasse avec table pour profiter de vos déjeuners dans une  résidence calme. Vous aurez la piscine et le court de tennis à votre disposition.L'appartement dispose de deux chambres chambre 1- lit double pour 2 personnes avec draps chambre 2- lit double 2 personnes avec draps Salle bain tout équipée avec douche et serviettes Cuisine équipée avec espace repas  Grand salon avec canapé (lit)  Vous disposez d'un parking sécurisé  A proximité vous trouverez des restaurants et à 5 minutes en voitures les commerces ( boulangerie, tabac, supermarché) L'appartement se trouve à 45 minutes des plages de Lacanau, Le Porge, Cap Ferret, Arcachon.  Le tramway et le velib se trou",,https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/5878540/952b1fa8_original.jpg,2274580,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/2274580,Christine,2012-05-02,"Talence, Aquitaine, France","Christine, je travaille dans le tourisme et je suis une femme dynamique, petillante. J'aime la musique en particulier le jazz.",within an hour,100%,54%,f,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/0e8952c6-697b-412d-ac30-704595bb1736.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/0e8952c6-697b-412d-ac30-704595bb1736.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,1,1,"['email', 'phone', 'facebook', 'reviews', 'jumio', 'offline_government_id', 'government_id']",t,t,,Talence,Talence,44.80956,-0.5994,Entire rental unit,Entire home/apt,4,,1 bath,2,2,"[""Kitchen"", ""TV"", ""Shampoo"", ""Essentials"", ""Gym"", ""Heating"", ""Pool"", ""Host greets you"", ""Elevator"", ""Wifi"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Free parking on premises"", ""Long term stays allowed"", ""Washer"", ""Dryer""]",$80.00,2,30,2,2,30,30,2,30,,t,0,0,0,257,2021-09-15,69,7,3,2012-08-16,2018-06-18,4.84,4.83,4.83,4.94,4.95,4.56,4.76,,f,1,1,0,0,0.62
482102,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/482102,20210914193156,2021-09-15,Beautiful city house full comfort,"The space Beautiful and big city house. Neighborhood with many shops and some of them open on Sunday (small supermarket), 10 mn from Bordeaux downtown by bus, 100m from Parc Bordelais (for footing !). Vécub station (rent a bike) at 100m. 2 bathrooms et 2 WC. Possibility up to 9 persons and eventually more (please ask), everything included : dishes, towels, etc.). Full comfort : TV, internet, AC, washing machine (10kg), dryer, oven, etc. Everything needed is available. Perfect for the whole family over a week-end for a weding ceremony, a family meeting or for a week to discover Bordeaux, the vineyard (Médoc at 20mn and ST Emilion at 40mn) and the beaches (ocean, Arcachon bay or lakes at less than one hour).  Located 10 mn from Exhibition Centre.  Possibility to rent one or more rooms while I'm at home.",,https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/31915372/c724d39d_original.jpg,2387430,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/2387430,Frederic,2012-05-16,"Le Bouscat, Aquitaine, France","Nous mettons notre résidence en location sur des créneaux où nous sommes dans la maison de famille. Il y a bien sur tout le confort puisqu'il s'agit de notre maison. Nous essayons d'embellir et de moderniser régulièrement. n'hésitez pas à rentrer en contact, je vous répondrai très rapidement.Cdlt.",within a day,79%,91%,f,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/2387430/profile_pic/1337185689/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/users/2387430/profile_pic/1337185689/original.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,1,1,"['email', 'phone', 'reviews', 'jumio', 'government_id']",t,t,,Le Bouscat,Le Bouscat,44.8542,-0.59581,Entire townhouse,Entire home/apt,12,,2 baths,6,7,"[""Stove"", ""Indoor fireplace"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""Paid parking on premises"", ""Heating"", ""Hot water kettle"", ""Children\u2019s books and toys"", ""Dining table"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Bed linens"", ""Free street parking"", ""Bathtub"", ""Stainless steel oven"", ""Microwave"", ""TV"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Keypad"", ""Bidet"", ""Washer"", ""Cleaning before checkout"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Freezer"", ""Hot water"", ""Wifi"", ""Toaster"", ""Dishwasher"", ""Wine glasses"", ""Kitchen"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Luggage dropoff allowed"", ""Crib"", ""Pack \u2019n Play/travel crib"", ""Refrigerator"", ""Cleaning products"", ""Air conditioning"", ""Dryer""]",$215.00,2,21,2,2,21,21,2,21,,t,12,26,51,312,2021-09-15,310,41,4,2012-08-18,2019-06-19,4.78,4.89,4.35,4.9,4.93,4.68,4.79,,f,1,1,0,0,2.8
500193,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/500193,20210914193156,2021-09-15,Bordeaux centre T3 60m2 avec jardin,"Le plus atypique jardin de Saint Michel !  The space Appartement T3 au cœur du quartier St Michel/St Croix avec jardin atypique. Un petit coin de campagne en plein centre ville ! Situé au premier étage (les 4 fenêtres de la photo principale), sans ascenseur. Vue sur le jardin, l'appartement est lumineux, sans vis à vis proche. C'est l'appartement dans lequel je vis, je le loue quand je pars en vacances ou en week-end. Les photos ont quelques années, depuis j'ai fait refaire la salle de bain (douche italienne à la place de la baignoire), le canapé a été changé (il est beaucoup plus grand et confortable), les lits ont été changés aussi (il n'y a plus de futon)  L'appartement se compose de 2 chambres, chacune a un lit de 1m40 avec matelas et sommier récents.  Grand salon avec cuisine récente : équipée d'un four, double évier, frigo/congélateur, plaques  induction, machine expresso, lave vaisselle, hotte  Table et chaises pour m","Mon quartier est multiculturel. Les populations se croisent au fil des vagues d'immigrations. Espagnols, Portugais, Afrique du Nord et pays de l'Est, auxquels s'ajoutent les Bordelais venus pour le grand marché du samedi et la brocante du dimanche. On peut donc boire du thé à la menthe, manger des pâtisseries, des tapas ou une morue à tout heure ! C'est un quartier vivant mais très tranquille, à la manière d'un petit village.",https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/22745073/37914324_original.jpg,2468244,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/2468244,Audrey,2012-05-26,"Bordeaux, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France","Voyage addict, avec des fourmis dans les jambes, je loue mon appartement pour partir découvrir le monde. Après avoir beaucoup pris l'avion pour l'autre bout de la planète, je me tourne maintenant sur des voyages plus près, à vélo.Lappartement est dans une maison ancienne, c'est ce qui en fait son charme, mais ici pas de service digne d'un cinq étoiles. L'appartement n'est ni aseptisé ni parfait car c'est un lieu habité et chaleureux dans un quartier vivant, rempli de BD et de bons conseils pour vivre au mieux la ville.Il n'y a pas de service de concierge, alors parfois je ne peux pas vous accueillir à l'heure exacte où vous arrivez, j'ai un vrai métier ! Heureusement le quartier est rempli de bistrots sympas. Parfois je suis moi aussi en vacances, alors je cherche quelqu'un pour vous accueillir à ma place.Je loue également ma chambre d'amis quand je suis là, ce qui me permet de rencontrer des voyageurs, progresser en anglais et glaner des informations pour mes prochains voyages !",within a few hours,100%,86%,f,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/72984374-5ace-4c22-8ca8-425dfb7c2e13.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/72984374-5ace-4c22-8ca8-425dfb7c2e13.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,Capucins - Victoire,2,2,"['email', 'phone', 'reviews', 'jumio', 'offline_government_id', 'government_id']",t,t,"Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France",Bordeaux Sud,Bordeaux,44.83303,-0.56214,Entire rental unit,Entire home/apt,4,,1 bath,2,2,"[""Stove"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""Heating"", ""Host greets you"", ""Children\u2019s books and toys"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Bed linens"", ""Paid parking off premises"", ""Carbon monoxide alarm"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Washer"", ""Cleaning before checkout"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Backyard"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Freezer"", ""Shower gel"", ""Hot water"", ""Wifi"", ""Dishwasher"", ""Kitchen"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Luggage dropoff allowed"", ""Refrigerator"", ""Oven""]",$100.00,1,14,1,1,14,14,1,14,,t,8,30,60,333,2021-09-15,232,37,4,2012-09-17,2017-04-02,4.43,4.61,4,4.7,4.77,4.74,4.52,3306300158754,f,2,1,1,0,2.12
545440,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/545440,20210914193156,2021-09-15,Loft with its private swimming pool,"Loft with its private swimming pool, heated 6 months a year (from mid-April until mid-October), located in center city in a very quiet area, close to the historic city  center  The space Less than an hour from ocean beaches and « le bassin d’Arcachon », close to the Medoc and St Emilion wine areas.  Beautiful loft with its  terrace and its private swimming pool, heated 6 months a year, located in center city , very close to a tram station and a bus allowing an  access to historic Bordeaux center within five minutes.   The loft features a large living room with an open-plan fully equipped kitchen, a beautiful master bed room - bathroom directly overlooking the pool with a 160 bed, another beautiful loft bedroom with a bathroom and a  140 bed. A  90 bed  in the large lobby can accommodate possibly a fifth person.  An ""umbrella"" bed is at your disposal for a baby. An office and a dressing room are on the mezzanine. An upri","Very quiet residential area, without any noise. No problem to park in front  of the house or close to.",https://a0.muscache.com/pictures/44415068-b496-4f37-8d50-5b73171fa678.jpg,2680968,https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/2680968,Jeanne,2012-06-19,"Bordeaux, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France","Passionnée de danse (je pratique le Tango Argentin depuis de nombreuses années) et de musique (je joue de la flûte traversière dans plusieurs orchestres), je m'intéresse vivement à l'Art Contemporain et je voyage beaucoup.Je serai heureuse de partager avec des personnes qui vont amener leur histoire dans ma maison. ",within a day,100%,92%,t,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/7154932f-ac0e-4ee9-8389-1fe7ca0a120a.jpg?aki_policy=profile_small,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/user/7154932f-ac0e-4ee9-8389-1fe7ca0a120a.jpg?aki_policy=profile_x_medium,,1,1,"['email', 'phone', 'facebook', 'reviews', 'offline_government_id', 'government_id']",t,t,"Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France",Chartrons - Grand Parc - Jardin Public,Bordeaux,44.85655,-0.57755,Entire residential home,Entire home/apt,5,,2 baths,2,2,"[""Stove"", ""Shampoo"", ""Hair dryer"", ""Essentials"", ""High chair"", ""Heating"", ""Host greets you"", ""Patio or balcony"", ""Children\u2019s books and toys"", ""Smoke alarm"", ""Bed linens"", ""Free street parking"", ""Microwave"", ""BBQ grill"", ""TV"", ""Carbon monoxide alarm"", ""Pool"", ""Beach essentials"", ""Dishes and silverware"", ""Iron"", ""Free parking on premises"", ""Washer"", ""Cleaning before checkout"", ""Dedicated workspace"", ""Hangers"", ""Backyard"", ""Cooking basics"", ""Hot water"", ""Wifi"", ""Outlet covers"", ""Long term stays allowed"", ""Dishwasher"", ""Kitchen"", ""Coffee maker"", ""Extra pillows and blankets"", ""Luggage dropoff allowed"", ""Table corner guards"", ""Pack \u2019n Play/travel crib"", ""Refrigerator"", ""Oven"", ""Dryer""]",$230.00,2,30,2,3,30,30,2,30,,t,0,16,46,321,2021-09-15,61,9,1,2012-08-18,2021-04-22,4.84,4.92,4.92,4.93,4.95,4.75,4.7,3306300333887,f,1,1,0,0,0.55
```

## Queries

1. show exactly two documents from the `listings` collection in any order

I used the following query: 
```
db.listings.find({}).limit(2);
```
- This query will show two entries, or two AirBnB listings, including all the available information from the database.
- Since it has no order or organization, this data looks very messy and it's not easy to be interpreted. 

And I obtained the following output:
```
{ "_id" : ObjectId("61931de8051c47f3e683da95"), "id" : 9419, "name" : "Glorious sun room w/ memory foambed", "host_id" : 30559, "host_name" : "Angielena", "neighbourhood_group" : "Other neighborhoods", "neighbourhood" : "Georgetown", "latitude" : 47.55017, "longitude" : -122.31937, "room_type" : "Private room", "price" : 75, "minimum_nights" : 2, "number_of_reviews" : 153, "last_review" : "2021-07-27", "reviews_per_month" : 1.13, "calculated_host_listings_count" : 9, "availability_365" : 344, "number_of_reviews_ltm" : 5, "license" : "STR-OPLI-19-003039" }
{ "_id" : ObjectId("61931de8051c47f3e683da96"), "id" : 17229, "name" : "Cozy West Seattle Home 2", "host_id" : 31553, "host_name" : "Mike & Cassandra", "neighbourhood_group" : "Delridge", "neighbourhood" : "High Point", "latitude" : 47.55169, "longitude" : -122.36494, "room_type" : "Private room", "price" : 50, "minimum_nights" : 5, "number_of_reviews" : 25, "last_review" : "2021-08-14", "reviews_per_month" : 0.21, "calculated_host_listings_count" : 5, "availability_365" : 207, "number_of_reviews_ltm" : 2, "license" : "STR-OPLI-19-001095" }
```

1. show exactly 10 documents in any order, but "prettyprint" in easier to read format, using the `pretty()` function.

I used the following query: 
```
db.listings.find({
    minimum_nights: 3,
}).limit(10).pretty()
```
- This query will show 10 documents, or AirBnB listings from the database.
- Compared to the previous query, this will show the output in a more organized format, with each key in a different line break. 
  
And I obtained the following output (these are just the first 3 outputs I received):
```
{
        "_id" : ObjectId("61931de8051c47f3e683da91"),
        "id" : 6606,
        "name" : "Fab, private seattle urban cottage!",
        "host_id" : 14942,
        "host_name" : "Joyce",
        "neighbourhood_group" : "Other neighborhoods",
        "neighbourhood" : "Wallingford",
        "latitude" : 47.65444,
        "longitude" : -122.33629,
        "room_type" : "Entire home/apt",
        "price" : 99,
        "minimum_nights" : 3,
        "number_of_reviews" : 157,
        "last_review" : "2021-09-14",
        "reviews_per_month" : 2.42,
        "calculated_host_listings_count" : 1,
        "availability_365" : 0,
        "number_of_reviews_ltm" : 8,
        "license" : "str-opli-19-002622"
}
{
        "_id" : ObjectId("61931de8051c47f3e683da92"),
        "id" : 9531,
        "name" : "The Adorable Sweet Orange Craftsman",
        "host_id" : 31481,
        "host_name" : "Cassie",
        "neighbourhood_group" : "West Seattle",
        "neighbourhood" : "Fairmount Park",
        "latitude" : 47.55495,
        "longitude" : -122.38663,
        "room_type" : "Entire home/apt",
        "price" : 174,
        "minimum_nights" : 3,
        "number_of_reviews" : 49,
        "last_review" : "2021-09-07",
        "reviews_per_month" : 0.55,
        "calculated_host_listings_count" : 2,
        "availability_365" : 265,
        "number_of_reviews_ltm" : 9,
        "license" : "STR-OPLI-19-002182"
}
{
        "_id" : ObjectId("61931de8051c47f3e683da9b"),
        "id" : 119103,
        "name" : "Teeny Tiny Guestyhouse!",
        "host_id" : 601600,
        "host_name" : "Hal",
        "neighbourhood_group" : "Other neighborhoods",
        "neighbourhood" : "Fremont",
        "latitude" : 47.65244,
        "longitude" : -122.35108,
        "room_type" : "Entire home/apt",
        "price" : 79,
        "minimum_nights" : 3,
        "number_of_reviews" : 442,
        "last_review" : "2021-09-21",
        "reviews_per_month" : 3.59,
        "calculated_host_listings_count" : 2,
        "availability_365" : 311,
        "number_of_reviews_ltm" : 37,
        "license" : "STR-OPLI-19-000772"
}
```

1. choose two hosts (by reffering to their `host_id` values) who are superhosts (available in the `host_is_superhost` field), and show all of the listings offered by both of the two hosts
  - only show the `name`, `price`, `neighbourhood`, `host_name`, and `host_is_superhost` for each result

I used the following query: 

```
db.listings.find( { host_id: {$in: [2171100, 2680968]} } , { name: 1, price: 1, neighbourhood: 1, host_name: 1, host_is_superhost: 1} ) ;
```
- This query will show two hosts that were randomly selected by me by their host_ids, knowing that they are both superhosts. It will display only the specified fields, without any extra information.
- Hiding information that won't be needed when perfoming a query is useful to avoid distractions when analyzing data.

And I obtained the following output (these are just the first 3 outputs I received):
```
{ "_id" : ObjectId("6193ef39051c47f3e686136b"), "name" : "Om Sweet Home B&B  chambre double", "host_name" : "Christophe", "host_is_superhost" : "t", "neighbourhood" : "", "price" : "$46.00" }
{ "_id" : ObjectId("6193ef39051c47f3e686136c"), "name" : "Om Sweet Home B&B  chambre Single", "host_name" : "Christophe", "host_is_superhost" : "t", "neighbourhood" : "", "price" : "$31.00" }
{ "_id" : ObjectId("6193ef39051c47f3e6861372"), "name" : "Loft with its private swimming pool", "host_name" : "Jeanne", "host_is_superhost" : "t", "neighbourhood" : "Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France", "price" : "$230.00" }
```

4. find all the unique `host_name` values (see [the docs](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/method/db.collection.distinct/))

I used the following query:
```
db.listings.distinct("host_name")
```
- This query will list all the different host_names from the database.

And I obtained the following output (these are just the 5 first lines of the output):
```
        "A-Team",
        "Aaron",
        "Abby",
        "Abdallah",
        "Abdel",
```

5. find all of the places that have more than 2 `beds` in a neighborhood of your choice (referred to as either the `neighborhood` or `neighbourhood_group_cleansed` fields in the data file), ordered by `review_scores_rating` descending
  - only show the `name`, `beds`, `review_scores_rating`, and `price`
  - if your data set only has blanks for all the neighborhood-related fields, or only one neighborhood value in all documents, you may pick another field to filter by - include an explanation and justification for this in your report.
  - if you run out of memory for this query, try filtering `review_scores_rating` that aren't empty (`$ne`); and lastly, if there's still an issue, you can set the `beds` to match exactly 2.

I used the following query:
```
db.listings.find({ $and: [ {beds: { $gt: 2 } }, { neighbourhood_group_cleansed: "Talence" } ] } , { name: 1, beds: 1, review_scores_rating: 1, price: 1 } ) .sort({ review_scores_rating: -1 });
```
- This query will list only listings that have more than 2 beds from a specific neighbourhood, in this case, Talence. It will also only show the specified fields instead of all the information from each key.

And I obtained the following output:
```
{ "_id" : ObjectId("6193ef39051c47f3e68617f1"), "name" : "Maison de ville familiale et jardin", "beds" : 5, "price" : "$135.00", "review_scores_rating" : 5 }
{ "_id" : ObjectId("6193ef39051c47f3e686182e"), "name" : "Maison familiale et confortable", "beds" : 4, "price" : "$45.00", "review_scores_rating" : 5 }
{ "_id" : ObjectId("6193ef39051c47f3e68618ee"), "name" : "La grande maison", "beds" : 4, "price" : "$125.00", "review_scores_rating" : 5 }
```
6. show the number of listings per host

I used the following query:
```
db.listings.aggregate( { $group: { _id: "$host_id", listingCount: {$sum: 1} } } )
```
- This query will group all the lsiting from each host by their host_id, since there could be more than one host with the same name. This way we know that each host is unique. And then it will display the amount of listing that they have in the database.

And I obtained the following output (these are only the first 3 first lines of the output):
```
{ "_id" : 14843552, "listingCount" : 2 }
{ "_id" : 282451430, "listingCount" : 2 }
{ "_id" : 26584339, "listingCount" : 2 }
```

7. find the average `review_scores_rating` per neighborhood, and only show the ones above a `95`, sorted in descending order of rating (see [the docs](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/operator/aggregation/sort/))
  - if your data set only has blanks in the neighborhood-related fields, or only one neighborhood value in all documents, you may pick another field to break down the listings by - include an explanation and justification for this in your report.

I used the following query:
```
db.listings.aggregate( [ { $match: {number_of_reviews: { $gt: 95 } } }, { $group: { _id: "$neighbourhood_group_cleansed", average: { $avg: "$review_scores_rating" } } } ] )
```
- This query is first selecting only the listings that have more than 95 reviews. 
- Then, it will group the selected listings into their neighbourhood.
- From there, it will sort the listings by their average review scores in descenting order.

And I obtained the following output (these are the first 3 lines of the output):
``` 
{ "_id" : "Parempuyre", "average" : 4.85 }
{ "_id" : "Saint-Aubin-de-Mdoc", "average" : 4.75 }
{ "_id" : "Le Taillan-Mdoc", "average" : 4.89 }
```
